Use arrow keys to scroll, press escape to exit
------------------------------------------------

Book of The Movement
By: Your leader and the members of The Movement

~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~

Many years ago the world was not at war like it
is today. Many say that all the worlds' people
were united under a single empire known as 
Uniseria. Before that time the very concept of
war had yet to be developed. I don't know if
such rumors are true. And it is because I know
not of such knowledge that I started the
movement. The movement aims to gather information
and uncover the truth of the origins of our war
so that it may stop.

Unfortunately the Landanian government does not
see the Movement as a friend. It is indeed afraid
of our motives as the current government depends
on the war to portray its illusion of patriotism
and grandeur. Taxes have been raised because of
the war yet only a fraction of the money raised
actually sponsors our supposed quest. The rest is
used to pay our rich rulers. There is no doubt
that Landania is ruled by corruption and greed.

Laws have derived from this corruption that now
make it a crime to disapprove of the war. I have
yet to understand what the exact punishment for
treason is though as now one convicted of it has
been seen again. I can only assume the worst.

You have received this book because you have
joined the Movement. Guard it well and do not
allow it to fall into the wrong hands. If the
Landanian Guards discover you to possess it you
will most likely be tortured.

In this text I outline some important facts that
you must know. Know this:

Origins of a war
----------------
150 years past there was a great city called
Kharist. Kharist was the home to thousands of
mages; it was the biggest, most powerful city in
the world. Yet the citizens of Kharist didn't
have any loyalty to the city itself. The place
was in perpetual anarchy, crime was rampant, and
little government existed.

At the same time, to the west of Kharist, a group
of small city states grouped together and formed
the country we now know as Staltsaria.
Staltsaria, now growing in power was hungry to
grow larger. They started to invade Kharist and
take control of the city.

Landania, who at the time didn't like the idea of
Staltsaria growing into an empire, was afraid
that the growing Staltsarian forces would
eventually attack them. Afraid of "The Staltsaria
Scourge" the citizens of Landania started a large
movement to assemble a national guard. As forces
grew war never occurred and so the growing
military started to lose its national support.
Landanian citizens wanted to reduce the size of
their massive armies. Of course, the growing
military didn't like this idea so a war needed
to occur in order to insure its power. So it was
decided that they would claim Kharist for
themselves.

Now both Staltsaria and Landania claimed
ownership of Kharist. It was decided, by the
mages of Kharist, in a last effort for peace,
that the Eastern half of the city would join
Landania, and the western half would join
Staltsaria. It appeared that a peaceful solution
had been found.

But neither Staltsaria nor Landania would have
of it. It was with this that full-blown war came
out. Since then the entire population of Kharist
has either left or died in the war. Yet the two
countries still fight over this useless
territory. Why? I have yet to know myself. It is
the purpose of the movement to find out.

The new Kharist
----------------
Because Kharist was largely a city of mages most
Landanians and Staltsarians blame the current
conflict on the Kharistan mages. This has caused
a great hatred of mages and magic in general.
With war erupting in Kharist those who failed to
leave the city would surely die in battle. Yet
those who sought refuge in the two bordering
countries were tortured, often hanged out of
the growing hatred. So the few hundred surviving
mages banded together, sailed out of the
Disputed Area, and decided to start their own
country. It is rumored that these mages now
exist in a place called Trisk.

Location of the old Kharist
-------------------------------
Kharist is located in the disputed territory.
The disputed territory is a large island that
separates the Landanian and Staltsarian continent
s. It is rather difficult to enter the city as
mountains and water surround it. These natural
boundaries were formed by magical powers. To
enter the city travel to the western shore of
the Disputed Territory. The south side of the
island is surrounded by desert, pass this area
and continue north until you reach a river
entering the territory. The south side of the
river borders tropical forests and the northern
side borders small foothills. Follow the south
side of the river until you reach a small island
surrounded by heavy woodlands. The middle island
contains a range of mountains, climb over the
mountains and you will then enter the Kharist
region
